{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This shouldn't take more than a couple hours, and the sooner you can return it to us the better (although there is no deadline). Please implement a single HTML page which shows JavaScript modeling the following problem.\'a0 Please send me a ZIP that contains the HTML and any required JS files (please put the js in it's own files).\
\
\
Write a short, simple program which simulates 3 cars on a road and a stoplight.\'a0 Each car is either moving at full speed, which is one unit per second, or it is stopped because of the stoplight. The stoplight is either green or red.\'a0 If a car is at the same position as the stoplight (i.e. 50), and the stoplight is red, the car stops until the light turns green.\'a0 You can assume that cars can occupy the same space without regard for each other.\
\
The cars initially start at positions 24, 12, and 0. The stoplight is at position 50, is initially green, and switches every 10 seconds.\
\
Your program should simulate 100 seconds of operation.\'a0 For each second, it should print out a line with the second number, the state of the stoplight and the positions of all three cars. The 'seconds' are simulated, and they can advance through a mechanism of your choosing (eg clicking a button, interval timer, keystroke, etc)\
\
Example output will be twofold:\
1: Show the page updating to indicate the car position, light color, etc. Don't worry too much about the look of the cars on screen, but bonus points for lanes and any styling on the visuals\
2: Textual output as described above.\'a0 For example:\
S\'a0 \'a0Light\'a0 \'a0 c1 c2 c3\
0\'a0 \'a0Green 24 12\'a0 0\
1\'a0 \'a0Green 25 13\'a0 1\
2\'a0 \'a0Green 26 14\'a0 2\
etc...\
\
Depending on your implementation, you may get different answers.\'a0 Don't worry about being "right," and don't worry about actual physics. This exercise is only about programming style! We are mainly looking for an OO approach.}